We're going to start by making a
circle we fill in can increase
a little if you think it was small and
everything will depend on the size you
wants to be a unicorn
There you play a ball on the side with
giving a certain space does not need to give
power space may be a little bit
more board
he'll get a bigger snout
looking like a unicorn
already grown up just a little bit longer
and provide thought was good
it's here on the side you see the brush with it
you draw your little ear
I'll find a way out here that I found
which was disproportionate and even
a little bigger
up there we make a big splash of him
like a triangle, it's all here
underneath you take the middle of the circle
bigger and makes a turn as if it were a
semicircle
Then you get a brush with pink paint
I used an artistic round brush and
makes strokes with a very fine finish
to stay with art that is flying
said he is moving paint
In fact, this part
people do as we did the
drawing there with the pink brush with
the brush with the pink paint
You make traits doing
arabesques drawing the flowing mane
to give a movement even in the hair of the
unicorn earphone
then you get a brush that has the
round back take a little ball
with an ink of anything I did
Nails and can make kiss can do
Brown
now you think you'd better have a
fillet brush
And then you start to do how much the year.
make the details in case we go
to take pride in it first for the
Produced expression does a lot
delicacy because it is a good part
little niggling close very thin you
You can use a brush that you have
important is to give lightness in your case
does the eyelashes just press and pull
pull with speed that is very thin
on the bottom makes it lighter
still because I want finely I
fill in or draw clean stay with
a more realistic air I forgot to paint
the horny so I'll spend a
yellow ink on top to give a
different color for each white but can
be white also you need to paint
not us is finding skirting
the new design of the part of the possible
people take a turn to make the mouth
and always goes with delicacy not always
that is the trace with a certain pressure and
end the book with flying to stay with him
Finer to give a more finish
and you go around the
reality in the hair nor is it an outline
people are going to make the dash so that
highlight in his hair strands there
with a continuous brush with fillet
job to finish the contours by
do a detail
and then with the boy brush it can also be
a little bigger needs to be a ticket
You can give a few drops dock to give
glow in the look to leave more cute
with this same character makes several
I have little balls and I have balls
I draw my time and then finish the
people are going to make several blank traces
also to give a few points of light
leave us more cute drawing
I'm going to make another model of hunger here
the unicorn which is a little bit more
I had him. It's more like having fun.
makes a circle also in the same way
in this case I'm using a brush
round for you to see you can do with
revolver with imported ink too
do not let so much mark are you make one
rectangle fills makes ear too
has already gained shape in reality that changes
or if he's more is low cut and you
gives an air of the little pony
and the rest is the same only
In that case, I 'll do with that one.
orange and I made a different shape the
hair I did a little more to play
behind to get more on the move
hence the linen make for you
but see that the stay cute
symbols for the details of the nose
I made the mouthpiece for you to see how
is his expression smiling I think
He looks very cute and very expensive.
of son is not of athina son has
the ear can come out a little more
inside the round part in the head and a
chifrinho does not necessarily need
paint as I said in the previous design
Where are the same?
registered fast
is a very easy-to-draw design and gives a
super legal effect and may face
are also putting several
you see how it is done and
This is it, it's going to give a few taps.
adding that it will get very much
with staff is this I hope you guys
have enjoyed you want other
tutorials can you ask me do I give a
kiss